Im looking for a role that algins better with my long term career goals 
I believe my current role has prepared me well and I'm ready to take on more responsibilty I'm confident that this new opportunity will allow me to apply my expertise more 	meaningfull way 

In currently working as a senior software engineer at justdial, I've been involved in various projects JDmart, JD Leads, and Customer Service. 
Recently, I worked with a small team (me and a junior colleague) where i was leading the project to revampe Justdial's Free Listing and Advertising modules. 
I used Next.js for better search engine visibility and Redux Toolkit state management, resulting in fast and scalable applications that load in just 300ms. 
I improved the search function, added features like caching and lazy loading, and prevented memory issues. 
On my own, I also created three in-house dashboards, handling both frontend and backend, and seamlessly integrated them with the database.
I was also involved in code review, i was involed in project dicussion with PM, designer, backend

Assumed a leadership position, taking charge of both frontend and backend development throughout the project lifecycle. 
Collaborated closely with designers, product managers, and backend teams to successfully achieve application objectives.
 Provided effective supervision, leadership, and mentorship to junior team members, ensuring excellence in performance and the successful completion of goals


html
 semantic elements in html5
 doctype html? - doctype tells us that this documenet is type of html
 block and inline elements
 datalist tag
 class and id attribute


css 
display:none - it will not take any space to ui
visibility:hidden - it will take any space to ui but it will be hidden
flexbox - 
pseudo class - 
pseudo elements - 
box model property
code to center a div horizontally and vertically


js 
closure
currying
null and undefined
how to add/ delete elemetn to/from the beginnning of an array in javascript
how to get deepest nested key of window object in javascript
how to compare two object in javascript -  json.stringify or obj.key 


reactjs
Promise.all
useMemo and useCallback
lifecycle method in reactjs
componentDidCatch
code to toggle using a button
to-do List
redux and its component
stateless and statefull component
higher order component - reusablity
how data is flow - unidirectional meaning parent to child
                   but how to update parent from child
children props or React composition?
functional component vs class based component
why do we need functional component in react?
> when we use class based component and when compiling in the background it compiled into functional based component and then it render into the browser
  and in functional component directly render into the browser
  also functional based component are easier to use and maintain

useEffect with empty dependencies- it will run on every page load 
useRef
lazy routing
className in react  - class is reserved
error handling - error boundaries
why we use super in constructor
how to api call in react , fetch and axios both return Promise
Limitation of react - SEO problem 








why EY
where do you see yourself after 5 years



Q. why are you expecting this much can you justify?
> thank you for the question, i've carefully considered my worth based on my expernience, skills and responsibilty for the role.
  i believe my contribution will have a significant impact on the team and the company. additionally i've done some research on 
  industry standard and market rates for similar position. utlimatly I'm looking for fair compensation that reflect both my value
  to the company and the current market condition


Q. why are looking for a change?
> learning and career growth

