Q. char and varchar in SQL
> CHAR: is used to store fixed-length character strings
  VARCHAR: is a variable-length character string data type in SQL.

Q. TEXT vs VARCHAR
> TEXT - it doesn't has any limit
  VARCHAR - it has limit

Q. DROP vs DELETE 
> Use "DROP" when you want to remove an entire object (like a table) from the database.
> Use "DELETE" when you want to remove specific rows from a table while keeping the table structure intact.
> "TRUNCATE" is used to remove all rows from a table.
  It is similar to "DELETE", but it is faster because it does not log individual row deletions and it does not fire any delete triggers.
  

Q.Can you classify SQL commands into different categories based on their purpose and functionality ? 
> 1. DDL (Data Definition Language):
        DDL statements are used to define the structure and schema of the database objects.
        Examples of DDL statements include:
        CREATE: Used to create new database objects like tables, views, indexes, etc.
        ALTER: Used to modify the structure of existing database objects.
        DROP: Used to delete database objects.
        TRUNCATE: Used to remove all rows from a table (though some databases consider this as part of DDL while others as part of DML).

    2.DML (Data Manipulation Language):
        DML statements are used to manipulate the data stored in the database.
        Examples of DML statements include:
        SELECT: Used to retrieve data from the database.
        INSERT: Used to add new rows of data into a table.
        UPDATE: Used to modify existing data in a table.
        DELETE: Used to remove specific rows of data from a table.

    3.DCL (Data Control Language): 
        DCL statements are used to control access to data within the database.
        Examples of DCL statements include:
        GRANT: Used to grant specific privileges to database users.
        REVOKE: Used to revoke previously granted privileges.
        There are also other types of statements like TCL (Transaction Control Language), which are used to manage transactions in the database, but DDL, DML, and DCL are the primary types.



Q. Types of relationship
> one to one
  one to many
  many to many 
  

Q.pagination in sql vs prisma
> select * from table OFFSET 0 limit 10
  select * from table OFFSET 10 limit 10
  select * from table OFFSET 20 limit 10
  
  await prisma.post.findMany({
    take: 3,
    skip: 10
  })


Q.query to find second highest marks from table?
> SELECT Max(salary) as second_highest_salary from EMPLOYEE where 
  salary < (SELECT Max(salary) from EMPLOYEE)

Q.indexing, normalization?
> indexing is use for fast query search
  when you create an index on table,the DBMS creates a separate data structure that stores the values of the indexed column(s) along with pointers to the corresponding rows in the table.

  1. never store value as comma separated
  2. never combine 2 entities in 1 table
  3. never put all data in one table, create relationship, because as column size grows retriving of data get slow down


Q. Difference between Where and Having
> where clause is used before groupby clause
  and having clause is used after the grouping is done on the grouping data it filters groups of rows based on aggregate values computed for each group


Q. Describe ACID properties in DBMS.
> Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, and Durability.


Q.how would you design tables if user have multiple address in mongodb?
> 2 way you can do.
  1. one way is to add in the same document with address:[{},{}] which can be fast to read
  2. second way is to create separate documenet and refernce them which is efficient when update is happening
  

Q. If you need to fetch data from some resource and store it in cache and access same cached data how would you do ?
> using redis
